Units
A type of interoperability layer.
Access to tools.

Welcome to Units

We, as people, are Units, Individuals, comprising as we do the implicit Unity of our common human intention of uniti-fying a future in which the synchronized individuality of 
a Unit steers Spaceship Earth. The architecture of our algorithms precludes bad actors or singularities, while bestowing genuine individual autonomy on anyone who downloads
a free app.
Every voice matters. 

Our vision:
We share the vision of Buckmister Fuller.
After being near to suicide, he declared, he could not take his life since he did not belong to himself.
He recognized his own innate intellect, and his aggregated experience and know-how.
He decided to devote his life to make the world a better place.

He designed tools for access to a better life for all. 
We build with the same intention.

What is Units protocol?
A layer for smart transactions and delegated ownership rights.

Unit`s main components are:

1- Smart money v2 - Smart transaction - Program your money as easy as talk.
2- ID without ID - Once on the layer choose to change your public address to a pseudonym
3- Delegated ownership rights protocol
4- Tokenization and infrastructure for delegated voting rights. 
5- Delegated autonomous Units. The DAU`s
6- The internet of DAU`s 
7- A new way of offering token and gathering funds - DTO`s / DIFO`s
8- Unknown trustable digital entity - tokenization of real world assets without KYC.



1- Smart Transaction`s
Programable money v2. 

What is money ? 
Money is a language. 
Let's make crypto transactions as easy as talking. 

Remember when we were kids, and we used to lend our pens or toys to other kids by merely a word, or even without. And not caring about the trust due to innocence.

The complexity of such a deal or any other deals can grow exponentially.

We are designing and building an interface to personalize any transaction within the crypto sphere, physical or abstract, so that you can define exactly the 
quantity of different tokens, the amount of each, the agreed conditions for each one, and additional variables, plus time conditions and/or, triggered by one or more inputs 
derived from Oracles. 
All in 1 transaction saving tons of fees and time. 


An example: 
User A sends 3 types of token to 3 different receivers, in 3 different time frames and of different quantities, to be actioned only if your trigger gets hit, like a price 
move in X coin or a deposit to X address.
The smart multi transaction is dormant, until it gets triggered - Then it autonomously starts the settlement process, which is unstoppable. 



We are also designing an AI which recognizes your unique voice as a “key” for confirming transactions, while at the same time you can formulate any kind of trade or deal, transaction or contract just by talking to our AI tool. 

It will recognize a trade-conversation and extrapolate in real life-time the smart contract, with the agreements discussed by the participants. So that each party merely needs to check and confirm, which can be done by voice or standard ways.



-- “Call back - Emergy call”
How many projects ask you to Provide liquidity over their UI / WEB. 
Since any web can be shut-down. It is a big problem for non-DEV people to call back those tokens if the UI is not working for a reason. 

With this tool, anyone can select a Smart contract and call back the connected tokens, like a universal UI for Unstake anything.




3- ID without ID

A flexible name-based system of addresses. 

Your wallet is the ID, while at the same time it is the owner. 
An ecosystem with no personal identification, the very access is proof of ownership.


Every time you connect to the protocol (without having an operation open or token deposited) you can choose to change your public address to any available name.

 You can keep one for often used cases, and create additional side addresses for more private interests.

In a World where we spend more time in Virtual Reality than in Real Reality ID does not have to be personalized. It can be “walletized”.


Wallets are owners of property rights and the rights of sending digital assets. 
For example, rights for opening health care history files, or the exclusive right to open a front door. 

You alone hold the keys to these rights, so your personal identity doesn't matter, the wallet key says it all.


4- Delegated ownership rights protocol

Starting as a minimum viable product MVP in Ethereum, where you can rent NFTs, we have started the design of a cross-chain layer for any cryptocurrency / Blockchain.
After passing the required process, any asset will have a second identity.
In this layer, assets will have gained a delegation ability & more personalizable transaction options.

Trust without needing escrow. --  Trust without needing initial power. skin in the game collateral. 

One is able to customize delegation and delegate the ownership rights of the assets in a customized trustless contract.

Think:  buying rights, staking power rights, Swap rights, collateral rights or things like the pedigri rights of krypto-kitties, or the “equip” rights of a Sword in a game. 

With custom pre-set delegated time, commissions amount, and triggers, plus many other options.

With these new capabilities, a whole new structure for many existing dapps appears…

We have designed a new possible system of DAOs - The DAUs.
For Delegated autonomous units
4 dimensional & fractal - in real time - decentralized delegation system for voting rights, inspired by biological cellular and organic structures. 
(Units inside other units and by the districts of Distric0x)

A new way of offering token sales; Thru delegated collateral power - The DTO`s
For Delegated token offerings or DIFOs.
Where investors use their capital as collateral, and projects get funding based on various metrics, they get loans from a pool using the investors' funds as collateral. 

Investors don't “lose” the initial investment. 





4- Tokenization and infrastructure for delegated voting rights. 
The DAU`s

Delegated Autonomous Units.

What is a UNIT?
--- a single thing, person, or group that is a constituent whole ---

Every participant is a Unit, like a Cell, and together with another Unit they form a bigger Unit, forming a composite of 2 or more participants. 

At the same this unit formed of 2 component units, can be a unit inside a much bigger unit which again is a part of a much bigger unit, 
making decisions from the periphery, all the while bearing on the overall Unit's direction.
Through delegation and selection of interests, every bigger unit works according to the most basic units' preferences.

The consumer has the power

From Lukso Whitpaper https://indd.adobe.com/view/50285b8e-29d4-48f4-98b8-e621b52266dd

                              
                



But what are rights?, and what are voting rights in particular?
And what does good and bad mean? And who decides it?

It mostly depends on the view point, the perspective. But we can agree that the “most voted” by the Units of a Unit is probably the best and so the view of “good” or “bad” 
can be swift. 

Is Fighting Bad?   Is Killing bad? 
In how many virtual realities (games) are these concepts set for the “good” ones?

In a world of fighters, no fighting is a crime, and in a world of killing, no killing is a crime. 
Perspective/Perception.
 With a free Vokten, anyone can vote anything, and if the majority votes for a world full of cat videos that is what manifests and we get it! 
It becomes the new normal.

Same with any business, for example, an imaginary social media platform for spying on users, SpyBook or Fakebook... 
When people register and keep using the platform,  the “account” means a vote for “YES” 

But let's say we all start delegating our decision to favour a certain social platform to someone else, forming bigger and bigger units over time.
And so, the day the user with the most delegates “rights for apps for social media interactions” decides to uninstall fakebook.
Then decides to download an imaginary social media platform with rewards for users.

This would make fakebook disappear in less than 24h.
And set a new standard. 

Seen this way, People as a Unit, have the power to drive the economy by uninstalling and installing software. 

Our Spaceship Earth is a Unit composed of smaller units.


Ferking complex! Based on biological structures of governance and twinked inspired by the district of drictric0x. Designed one afternoon while painting with my son under the sun.
 
Once on the layer and under a fixed ID, every user gets 1 Vot token. 
The user can, free of costs or external conditions, send and claim back at any time, re-send directly from one destination to another without coming back. 
It represents your unique digital voting power in the ecosystem you are acting in.


Users can create / join or get invited into DAU`s 
DAU`s are flexible to design by anyone.
Some possible characteristics;
Private / public.
Anon / no-anon.
With back up funds or without.
Limited / unlimited
Fractal Units mechanism / single unit 
Different hierarchical structures to choose while creating your own unit.
and more. ( any suggestions?) 

Once one gets invited to a Unit, you can use your Vot token. 
Per each private Unit you will have 1 Vot token 
(Or anything similar created by DAU creators.) 

By sending it, one makes clear to all participants where your vote (& maybe funds) is. 
(It is fungible - x% of 100% voting power) So you can give candidate A 30%, specifying what “ideas” one favours, and which ones not, and including candidates B, C, D, ….. 
another x% choosing the “ideas” of each one you like to back.

The receiver will vote himself, and so, re-delegate your voting power. Following your pre-voted preferences or the voting right gets forked and added to the pool where your
preferences are also preferences voted by others. And so letting the Units diversify freely - with combinated proposals of any member with another proposal or any other member. 
So forming different layers and  sizes of Units.

The vot token can be delegated to anyone, the delegated wallet can re-delegate these voting rights, and so on, re-delegation on hundreds of layers and exponential combinations. 


Since you vote is a delegation, it will form bigger units, adding a huge amount of delegated voting power, and so all the fractal-way up and down, units in units in units 
(in units)


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lets make a simple** example of a Unit.

A family with 5 members, 
Mum (M), 
Pap`s(P), 
and the three kids: Satoshi (S) Andreas (A) and Vitrin (V).

M proposes mountains and ice - M+I
P prooses beach and ice - B+I
S proposes cinema and burger. C+B

M votes for M+I
P votes for B+I
S votes for C+B 
A votes for M+B
V votes for B+B

-------------

since there is no agreement, they start to agree on single parts. 
Cinema gets tossed out of the table. 
So, S has changed his vote - from C he goes to M or B. - In this case let's go for beach.
and so the decision is refined to one of the variables.

Variable 2 is clear Burger. 
So. The Unit pool voting was successful and the result for the day's plans are Beach and Burgers.

But that is not all.
If any member does not agree with the result - he can search in the internet of Units for a group doing the plans he desires.

So let's say S does not change his proposal, and stays with his plan to go to the cinema whatever. 
After a search he finds dozens of units with plans for cinema and much more.
Later on this will be AI-tomatized and get geared to a reverse system where proposals search for voters.

Funds can be secured in a multi-sig wallet, and then moved, based on DAU results. 

So, hundreds of thousands of wallets will create proposals, millions of wallets will vote.
World wide, as a united crew of this cosmic spaceship called earth. As a single Unit.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


How to keep it free of manipulation?
We are experimenting and don't have a perfect solution. 

But what we have is not bad either;
-Since getting a fixed ID in the layer connected to a wallet as a cost, 
it eliminates risks from some of the potential exploiters. 
This cost is not instant, but retroactive. 
You can choose a free ID and keep it if you have funds in it. 
But to make it valid in the DAU`s it has to check these boxes:
-Pay a fee
-Be active more than 2 weeks - and a pre-wallet with some trace of human proof. 
-Freeze X amount (based on the district) 
-Proof of human thru anti-logic questions or games. 







The internet of DAU`s

Anyone can create a Unit for personal or business uses, 
They can connect to other DAU`s, so that one day all DAU`s with similar details can get together and forge  a synergetic Unit - The Unit.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




A new way of offering token and gathering funds 
 DTO`s
Delegated Token Offerings

Based on a delegated ownership of funds, projects can gather needed funds in a form of Debt making use of the delegated rights.


Since Liquidity Pool Tokens are accepted for collateral, the funds from investors get moved into a stable pool to increase value over time without being affected by volatility. 

At the same time those LPS may be used as collateral to borrow the money which some project is asking for, through a progresive and voted structure.

Delegators of collateral power earn additional tokens of the new project, and if all goes well, they can repay the debt and so investors don't “lose” initial investment.
They even get more back than invested! 


// Or called it DIFO.
DIFO
Delegated Initial Funding Offering.
A new way of funding ideas and projects. 

Delegate your buying power to a pool, where it farms yield. 

At the same time the LP token is used has collateral to borrow XXX BTC
 (progressive)

This amount is sent progressively to the Project founders according to predefined structuring. 

DIFO investors will earn a token for the time the project uses these funds as collateral. 

Project founders have to pay back the borrowed(+ x%) money as soon the project starts making profits.

Investors Earn Yield Farming + Fees + Tokens of new projects. 


------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Unknown Trustable Digital Entity.

Units will have many use cases and structures.
One of the possible structures is a Trustable Anonymous Digital Entity, with visible capital behind it, but no IDs. 

Anonymous or semi anonymous, they can offer services to anyone through trustless smart contracts.
Such as Anonymous tokenization of real world assets. 
Backed by an anonymous digital entity and a smart contract. 

Un-known trusted virtual entity creation Protocol
+ 
tokenization of real world assets without KYC.

Based on the Technology on District0x - Districts. It is possible to create a Semi Anonymous Trustable Virtual Entity. 

And so allow the tokenization of any asset without the need of a KYC process.
It is backed by a district full of anon people - Thanks to the Units protocol it gets easy to delegate liquidity to back an asset under personalized
conditions by way of a smart contract with a Bonus wallet structure.

----------

No one chooses justice for themselves, if they could be doing what they want to and how they want to, they would be doing it. 

But we hate it when others do it to us.
So evey one gives the rights to screw others in exchange for not screwing themselves.

People don't follow rules because they want, they are AFRAID of the consequences if they break them.



